This is a fun beer inventory program I wrote after seeing the hymaswood kegerface project running on a Raspberrypi.

I borrowed a lot of design elements and some code from both the hymaswood kegerface, and the original kegerface projects.
The images were taken from a fork of the hymaswood project.
The program is meant to be run on a PHP-capable web server with a MySQL backend.
Some additional PHP modules like php-curl and php-mysql may need to be installed on your webserver for this to work.

My idea for the project is to use a cheap handheld barcode scanner to keep track of the beers using the UPC label on
the side of the bottle (since most beers come with one). The UPC is then used to query the BreweryDB.com web API
to locate info about the beer and store the relevant fields into the local MySQL database. Since BreweryDB.com does 
not have UPC data for every beer on their website, the current version of the program requires you to manually look 
up the beer on the website and enter the beer's ID from the URL manually. This will ensure you at least have UPC, ID, 
and quantity data for the beer in the database; then you can manually fill in the missing values, or use the data as-is.

NOTE: To query UPC data from the BreweryDB.com API, you need to sign up for a Premium level developer account, as the UPC
endpoints are not available to the free API access. If you don't want to pay for Premium access, feel free to fork this 
repo and modify it to not use any premium endpoints.

Also included is the option to submit UPC code data to the BreweryDB.com API using the 'submit UPC' option from the navbar.


NOTE: The menu item "Change data" under the inventory management is currently broken as I was never able to get the function
to work the way I wanted, and decided that the occasional manual change directly to the database was less hassle. Maybe 
someone else will find this a more worthwhile enterprise.

Most of the Manage Inventory buttons are self-explanatory, but if you aren't sure what they do, just check the code for details.



To add a beer label header to your page, I used beerlabelizer.com as recommended by hymaswood. Some resizing of the resultant 
image will probably be necessary, but most image software can handle that pretty easily.